In this chapter, we are going to implement a simple message listener
that we created a few lectures ago.
We have a SMTP server service which relies on SMTP or on a simple message listener implementation.
So we have a accept and deliver method as we described, and now we are going to create or implement
deliver method that will actually process incoming email, create a message structure, email message
structure and do some kind of processing.
Just to recall, we have two dependencies.
We have a short mail and this is the one we are supposed to use here.
Junk mail provides
information about the email message so we can create an email message from record mail, from the data
provided by that simple message listener implementation.
So let's create some property properties variable.
So we just use it.
We have a special option just to cover or ignore all errors that can come from the SMTP communication.
This is just a safe option for us, so we can set that to true for our developers implementation and
then we create a session variable which is coming from a mail Java subsystem.
So this is a session class that we are going to create and we create that class using properties or
those options create a few lines above.
Then we create a message object or we create a variable for that object.
We can see the implementation right away.
So we create a new mime message we use.
Existing variables we have.
We use the session we just created and we use data which are actually which is actually input stream
coming to our delivery method.
So we have those two things.
We have a session with a few options included and we have an actual data as a input stream.
So we have a mind message and then we create a receive received email.
This is a class coming from a hotmail and this is actually something that really describes the full
email containing all purpose properties as we know.
So we have now at the deadline we have an email variable containing received email data structure.
At that point, we can look information in the console so we can see if the.
Email coming into delivery method contains some mandatory fields like a subject, so we create a luck
info with proper information so we can check the console, whether it contains information that are
coming through this delivery method.
So we are writing down an email subject as a part of this logging information.
We can just sum up what we have done right now.
We created a property files with some settings.
We wrap that using a session object, we create a mime message and then we create a received email.
This is the data structure coming from the mail.
So we have the email data structure is everything else, right?
So we can just show up all the methods or properties in the email structure.
This is quite familiar.
We have a subject, we have information about a draft.
If this was read already or not, we can see we have attachments available from information CC see and
reply to and actually all the properties that are common to to email in general.
So this is something we can use later on and now everything looks good so we can try to start application
and to see if everything is working for us.
I mean, if nothing is failing, we see that there are no error information on the console, so everything
is running smoothly and we can test our implementation.